Let me guess why you picked up this book. You want to become a better writer and
speaker. You want to use the English language correctly and with confidence.
You're looking for something that will help you learn more words and learn them swiftly, 
something that's not just informative but also interesting and fun to read.
You don't want word games. You want results.
Stop right here.
Verbal Advantage is precisely what you're looking for: the most comprehensive,
accessible, and effective vocabulary-building program available today.
Here's what you can expect from Verbal Advantage:
By the time you finish reading this book you will have more than tripled your normal rate of
learning vocabulary. And when you have mastered all the words in the program, your
vocabulary level will be in the top 5 percent of all educated adults. You will also know how to
avoid common errors of grammar, usage, and pronunciation, and you will possess the tools
to continue building your verbal skills for the rest of your life.
Throughout the Verbal Advantage program I will be your personal guide on a tour of the
English language, a tour that I guarantee will help you improve your word power dramatically
and permanently. Along the way I will also coach you in how to use the language with greater
clarity, precision, and style.
Let me tell you a bit about myself.
I am an author, journalist, and radio commentator who specializes in writing about the
English language. Like most serious writers, I care deeply about words, where they came
from, what they mean, how they are used and pronounced. In fact, I think it's fair to say that
I'm afflicted with a terminal passion for words.
Allow me to explain how I contracted this most pleasant malady.2
For as long as I can remember I have been in love with the beauty, rhythm, subtlety, and
power of language, and from an early age I aspired3 to a career working with words. Like
many writers, I acquired my affection for words from my parents. Although both my father
and mother are retired professional musicians, they have always been avid4 readers with a
fine ear for language as well as music.
When I was young they read me stories and poems at bedtime, and as I grew older they
encouraged me to read widely on my own. I often had lengthy discussions with them about
books and language, and whenever we had a question or a dispute about a word, the hefty
unabridged dictionary in our living room was the final authority.
The consequence of this verbally intensive upbringing was that two parents who loved language but made music for a living wound up with a son who loves music but makes his
living with words.
But that's enough about me, because this book is not about me and my writing
credentials. It's about you, and how you can achieve the verbal advantage.
Verbal Advantage is about definitions, so let's begin by defining the phrase "verbal
advantage." What exactly is a "verbal advantage"? Does it suggest what smart, successful
people know about language? Does it refer to the words they use in conversation and
writing?
Yes, in part. But in this book, "verbal advantage" encompasses something more than just
what educated people already know about using the language. It also means what educated
people ought to know about using the language, and how using it well can help them
succeed.
In short, a "verbal advantage" is the ability to use words in a precise and powerful manner,
to communicate clearly, correctly, and effectively in every situation, both on and off the job. In
this book I intend to take your ability with words and turn it into mastery.
Numerous studies have shown that there is a correlation between career and financial
success and an above-average vocabulary, and that the level of success people achieve is
linked to the number of words they command. You may be on the right track, but are you as
productive and successful as you know you can be? In the long run all your hard work and all
the knowledge you gain from experience may not produce the results you expect if you lack
the confidence that comes from an accompanying mastery of words.
As the syndicated columnist William Raspberry once put it, "Good English, well spoken
and well written, will open more doors than a college degree... Bad English will slam doors
you don't even know exist."
Verbal Advantage will give you most of the linguistic tools you need to communicate
more effectively and confidently, and I will show you how to use them with precision. If you
like, consider Verbal Advantage an apprenticeship to a second career, one that can help
you immeasurably and enhance your chances of success. When you finish reading this
book, you'll be on your own. But I think you'll find yourself prepared to meet the challenge of
achieving and maintaining a verbal advantage.
Improving your verbal skills is not an easy task, but it doesn't have to be a chore. In fact, it
can be one of the most rewarding activities you will ever undertake. Few things can equal
the satisfaction that comes from using the right word at the appropriate moment or realizing
that the way you have chosen to express something has moved or gratified or persuaded
your audience.
Let's begin, then, with a brief summary of what you stand to gain from reading this book.
You will learn about vocabulary building and why it is indispensable to your personal
development. I will teach you the principles and techniques of building a large and exact
vocabulary and introduce you to words that will add clarity to your writing and infuse your
conversation with style. You will also discover how to put your powerful new vocabulary into
action right away, and how to make the words you've learned serve you well for the rest of
your life.
Throughout this book we will also explore the subject of usage versus "abusage", in other
words, how to use, not abuse, the language. You will learn how usage changes, why it
changes, and why certain changes have been accepted and others have not. I will also
cover some perplexing problems of usage that trouble even the best writers and speakers.
Finally, I will address the issue of rules, good rules versus bad rules, and discuss how you
can strike a balance between current standard usage and what seems natural and correct to
you.
Building a powerful vocabulary and learning how to use words properly require that you
also develop your knowledge of a related subject: pronunciation.
It is a sad fact that many educated people who have invested a great deal of time and
energy building impressive vocabularies have not bothered to learn how to pronounce the
words they have acquired. That deficiency leads to a twofold tragedy. First, to those who
look up to the speaker as a more knowledgeable person, the mispronouncer does the
disservice of passing along his or her mispronunciations. Second, to those who know
something about words and how they should be pronounced, the mispronouncer, no matter
how intelligent, will appear uneducated, even foolish.
The point is, if you have taken the time to learn the meaning of a word and how to use it
properly, then why not also learn how to pronounce it correctly?
With Verbal Advantage, not only will you learn the proper pronunciation of words that are
new to you, you will also learn to avoid common mispronunciations of familiar words, ones
you may be mispronouncing right now without realizing it. In addition, I will teach you some
simple techniques that will help you continue to improve your speech on your own.
Building your vocabulary is the primary goal of this program, and research has shown that
the most effective way to build your word power rapidly and permanently is to learn words in
their order of difficulty. Certain words are harder than others; therefore it stands to reason
that you have to know the easier words before you can learn and retain the harder ones.
When you know what reckless and rash mean, you're ready to learn the more difficult
synonyms impulsive, imprudent, and impetuous. And when you have those words under
your belt, then you can tackle the challenging synonyms precipitate and temerarious.
In short, you are far more likely to remember words if you are exposed to them in
ascending order of difficulty. That is why I have made Verbal Advantage a graduated
vocabulary-building program, which means the words get harder as you go along.
You will proceed through ten levels of vocabulary, each level more challenging than the
last. For example, Level 1 contains words familiar to about 60 to 70 percent of adults, that
is, words known to many high school graduates and most college graduates. By the end of
Level 5 you will have raised your vocabulary to about the 75th percentile, the top quarter of
all educated adults. By the end of Level 8 your vocabulary will have surpassed that of most
executives and professionals, including those with advanced degrees. And when you
complete the tenth and final level you will have progressed beyond 95 percent of the entire
population. You will command an armory of words that only a handful of people in every
thousand can match.
Each level of Verbal Advantage focuses on specially selected "keywords" essential to
educated discourse. But those words constitute only a fraction of what you'll learn from this
book. Carefully study all the keyword discussions and you will learn scores of useful related
words and a plethora (PLETH-uh-ruh, great number or quantity, abundance) of challenging
synonyms and antonyms. You will also discover where the words you are learning come from and how their history has influenced their current meaning.
In addition to building your vocabulary, Verbal Advantage will guide you in the subtleties
of using the language properly and precisely. Each level contains interludes on commonly
misused words, commonly confused words, and commonly mispronounced words. You will
learn how to avoid various errors of grammar, diction, and pronunciation that vex even the
most educated adults. I will show you how to eliminate redundancies, flabby, repetitive
phrases, from your writing and speech, and help you heed the advice of Mark Twain, who
said, "Use the right word, and not its second cousin." Finally, the synonym studies in the
keyword discussions will develop your ability to distinguish wisely between words of similar
meaning.
Let's return now to the link between vocabulary and success.
The theory that knowing more words can help you succeed is nothing new. Since the early
twentieth century, researchers have documented the connection between a strong
vocabulary and academic and professional success.
Professor Dean Trembly of the Testing and Counseling Center at California Polytechnic
State University, San Luis Obispo, supports the thesis that building your vocabulary
enhances your chances of success. In his book Learning to Use Your Aptitudes, Trembly
explains that "a large vocabulary is more than knowing the difficult words; it is knowing the
easier words more thoroughly and using them with greater precision... A powerful
vocabulary gives you the facility to use the easier words more smoothly... As with grades in
school," writes Trembly, "money earnings are related to vocabulary. Within each occupation,
those with larger vocabularies are more likely to profit. Put a dollar sign in front of each
additional word you learn."
Perhaps the most influential researcher to explore the connection between vocabulary
and achievement was Johnson O'Connor, founder of the Human Engineering Laboratory,
now called the Johnson O'Connor Research Foundation.
O'Connor was a Harvard-educated engineer who devoted his life to identifying and
measuring human aptitudes and studying their relationship to a knowledge of English
vocabulary. After more than twenty years of testing thousands of Americans of all ages,
occupations, and levels of education, O'Connor concluded that "an exact and extensive
vocabulary is an important concomitant of success... Furthermore, such a vocabulary can
be acquired. It increases as long as a person remains in school or college, but without
conscious effort does not change materially thereafter."
Margaret E. Broadley is an authority on Johnson O'Connor's work and the author of
several books on human aptitudes. In Your Natural Gifts she explains how, as far back as
the 1930s, O'Connor's Human Engineering Laboratory discovered, as Broadley puts it, "a
close relationship between a large, precise knowledge of English words and achievement in
life."
"Worldly success, earnings and management status," writes Broadley, "correlated with
vocabulary scores. In follow-up studies of persons tested as much as twenty or thirty years
ago, a limited vocabulary is proving an important factor in holding men and women back
from achieving the position which their aptitudes showed they should have gained."
Broadley continues: "A low vocabulary is a serious handicap. Ambitious and energetic persons can push ahead in their jobs just so far, but then they reach a plateau caused by low
vocabulary. They never advance. And while youthful zest and high aptitudes can enable us to
forge ahead despite low vocabulary, when we become mature the world expects us to know
something and we are judged on knowledge rather than our possibilities. The world doesn't
see our aptitudes, but it pays for knowledge because that can be seen."
Broadley then gets down to the nitty-gritty. "Studies show that at middle-age the
low-vocabulary persons are stuck in routine jobs. Furthermore, when big companies have
their shakedowns and mergers, too often the low-vocabulary persons find themselves out on
the street. Too often they place the blame on prejudice, inside politics, and personal
antagonism when the truth can be traced to low vocabulary...
"Only about 3,500 words separate the high vocabulary person from the low," Broadley
concludes. "Yet these 3,500 words can mean the difference between success and failure."
It is worth noting here that company presidents and upper-level business executives have
consistently achieved the highest scores in the vocabulary tests administered by the
Johnson O'Connor Research Foundation. As a group, executives score better than editors,
writers, college professors, scientists, doctors, lawyers, psychologists, architects, and
engineers, all high- vocabulary occupations.
The foundation's researchers are not quite sure what to make of that finding, but they do
know one thing: If you wish to succeed in your career, your vocabulary level must at least
equal the average level of the members of your profession. If you wish to excel, your
vocabulary must surpass that of your colleagues.
As Johnson O'Connor said, "Words are the instruments of thought by which men and
women grasp the thoughts of others, and with which they do most of their thinking."
To paraphrase that: Words are the tools of thought, and it follows that if your tools aren't
the sharpest ones in the shed, you can't expect to have an edge in the struggle for success.
There is one other point about vocabulary and success that I would like to clarify before
we go any further. Researchers and language experts have known for many years that
vocabulary is the key to success, but what does that really mean? It is true that various
studies have shown that, particularly among business executives, English vocabulary level
often correlates with salary level. However, there are many wealthy people who have low
vocabularies and lack ability with language, just as there are many people who earn modest
salaries but who have excellent vocabularies and a wide knowledge of the world.
The point is, if your only ambition in life is to make wads of money, there are ways to do
that without building your vocabulary. Therefore it is important that you do not equate
building a large vocabulary only with padding your bank balance and diversifying your stock
portfolio. Vocabulary is the key to success, but wealth is not the only yardstick of success.
What I am talking about is a definition of success that encompasses more than salaries
and investments. What I am talking about is your career, what you do and how well you do it
, and also your personal development, how you can make the most of your natural abilities
and achieve your goals in life. That is where a powerful vocabulary can help you. That is
where knowing the precise meanings of many words gives you an invaluable advantage, a
Verbal Advantage.
What it boils down to can be expressed in two words: career satisfaction.
Building a powerful vocabulary can help you advance your career, because as you improve your skill with language you will become a better speaker, a better writer, a better
reader, and a better listener. And if you are all of those things, then you probably will be a
more successful person.
I would be remiss in my duty as your instructor and guide if I neglected to underscore the fact
that building your vocabulary takes time and dedication. True and lasting knowledge is not
acquired overnight. That's why most of us spend the first quarter of our lives in school,
presumably learning to be intelligent, productive members of society.
Verbal Advantage will boost your vocabulary and enhance your verbal skills, but
remember that your verbal development did not start with this book and it should not end
with it. Think of this program as the beginning of a lifelong process of self-education; or, if
you like, think of yourself as an athlete, an intellectual athlete, embarking on a challenging
conditioning program for your mind.
Verbal Advantage will give you the tools and show you how to use them, but it's up to you
to decide what to build with those tools, and the responsibility for keeping them clean and
sharp ultimately lies with you.
Therefore you will get the most out of this book if you follow the three R's of verbal
development: routine, repetition, and review.
Effective vocabulary building begins with establishing a routine and sticking to it. You
should read Verbal Advantage for a set amount of time every day, preferably at least thirty
minutes. If you currently watch an hour or more of television each day, why not cut a half-hour
out of that time and devote it to something more productive: reading this book. However you
decide to work it into your day, for best results you should make Verbal Advantage a regular
part of your schedule.
As the saying goes, practice makes perfect, and when it comes to building your
vocabulary, repetition and review are essential if you wish to retain the words you learn. You
will make best use of this book if you go over the material a second time, and even a third
time as the words get more difficult, before forging ahead.
I also recommend that when you finish each level in the program you review the entire
level in one or two sessions, focusing your attention on the words and concepts you had
trouble remembering when you read the material the first time.
Although reviewing will be your responsibility, I have incorporated regular review sections
into the program to help reinforce your comprehension.
After every ten keyword discussions there is a brief, informal quiz designed to fix in your
mind the words you've just learned. When you take these quizzes, keep track of how many
correct and incorrect answers you make, and which words are most challenging for you.
If you get some answers wrong the first time around, don't worry about it. Mistakes and
missteps are a natural part of learning. However, if you're reviewing the material and you
miss three or more answers in a quiz, you should go back and read all ten keyword
discussions again.
To help you further gauge your progress, I have also included a review test for each level
of Verbal Advantage. Here you will find questions pertaining to all the additional information in the program, including synonyms, antonyms, related words, and word origins, along with
advice on usage, pronunciation, and using a dictionary. After you have read and reviewed a
level and mastered its keyword quizzes, take the review test before moving ahead.
One last thing to remember: Don't rush. Take your time. The Johnson O'Connor Research
Foundation has found that when you engage in a conscientious study of vocabulary, your
rate of improvement is "related less to how fast you cover the material and more to how
thoroughly you study the material step-by-step in order of difficulty."
One word of caution: If you're the eager-beaver type, you may be tempted to skip around
or jump ahead. That is your prerogative, but I do not recommend taking any shortcuts. In the
long run you will only shortchange yourself. To get the full benefit of the Verbal Advantage
program, I urge you to start at the beginning and read straight through to the end.
Keep in mind that this is a graduated vocabulary-building program designed to improve
your knowledge of words step by step in the most effective way possible. Although you may
know some of the keywords in the early levels, right from the start the discussions cover
many more difficult synonyms and related words.
Also, Verbal Advantage contains a great deal of information about language that anyone,
at any level, will find useful. As the vocabulary-building experts Maxwell Nurnberg and Morris
Rosenblum once put it, "You learn more words by learning more about words." That's exactly
what Verbal Advantage is designed to do: build your vocabulary by teaching you a lot more
about words than just their definitions.
To sum up: I encourage you to read this book for a set amount of time each day, read it
straight through, and always review what you've learned before moving on. By the time you
finish I think you'll agree that Verbal Advantage is a challenging program designed for
people who are committed to improving their vocabularies and serious about translating
their verbal skills into personal success.
Are you ready to begin your journey toward a more powerful and precise command of the
English language?
Let's go. I'll be with you all the way.